Compiling and Debugging OJP

This section covers how to compile and/or debug OJP in Visual Studios 2008.
Compiling:

   1. Open the solution file (.sln).
   2. Select Build->Configuration Manager from the menu bar.
   3. On the Active solution configuration pulltab, select Debug(Final).
   4. Click Close.
   5. Select Build->Build Solution from the menu bar.
   6. The resulting dlls will be in the /jke folders.

Debugging:

   1. Open the solution file (.sln).
   2. Select Build->Configuration Manager from the menu bar.
   3. On the Active solution configuration pulltab, select Debug.
   4. Right click on your JK2game project in the Solution Explorer.
   5. Click on Set as Startup Project.
   6. Right click on your JK2game project again.
   7. Select Properties.
   8. Click on Debugging under Configuration Properties.
   9. Set Command to point to the jamp.exe in your GameData folder wherever your copy of JKA is installed.
  10. Add the following to the beginning of your Command Arguments "+set fs_cdpath "<your JKA /GameData>" +set fs_game "jke" +set fs_dirbeforepak 1 +set sv_pure 0 +set viewlog 1".  Where <your JKA /GameData> is the location of your /GameData folder of your JKA install.  Example:  +set fs_cdpath "d:\games\Jedi Knight Academy\GameData" +set fs_game jke +set fs_dirbeforepak 1 +set sv_pure 0 +set viewlog 1
  11. Set Working Directory to "../..".
  12. (Skip this step if you last compiled in the Debug solution configuration) Select Build->Rebuild Solution from the menu bar.
  13. From the menu bar, select Debug->Start Debugging.